chore: add quick start guide and rework some documents (#172)
openmfp/kubernetes-graphql-gateway: README.md

This enables UIs that need to consume these objects to do so in a developer-friendly way, leveraging a rich ecosystem.

## Overview

This repository contains two main components:
- [Listener](./docs/listener.md): watches a cluster and stores its openAPI spec in a directory.
- [Gateway](./docs/gateway.md): exposes the openAPI spec as a GraphQL endpoints.

## Quickstart

If you want to get started quickly, you can follow the [quickstart guide](./docs/quickstart.md).

> ## Contributing
> Please refer to the [contributing](./docs/contributing.md) section for instructions on how to contribute to OpenMFP.

Reviewer: Lets rather point to the OpenMFP contributing page
```suggestion
## Contributing

Please refer to the [contributing](https://openmfp.org/docs/contribute) page for instructions on how to contribute to OpenMFP.
```
